# CS255

DriverPass was an idea created because there was a need for a new system to train and test new drivers coming into the world. There has been an uptick in the amount of new drivers failing licensing exams, and DriverPass will use different techniques and will collect data to improve overall test scores for new drivers. 
The client wanted me to design a very organized system. I had to lay out who the users and objects were, as well as, how the system would flow. I believe I created a very efficient system that pinpointed exactly who would be using DriverPass. I think the best part that I explained well was how the IT department would fix bugs and interact with each user as to how bugs would be reported.
In the end, I would have revised the user diagram. There are a lot of variables at play for a system like this, and I believe I could have done a better job organizing every possible way the users could interact with each other.
The user's needs are the most important aspect in my opinion. The user's at play are the ones who will be using the system and the ones who will be paying for the system in place. If they do not find it easy to use, then we lose customers. I orginally made a list of each requirement that the client needed. I then prioritized each one based on their suggestions.
Designing software can be very difficult. I like the idea of starting with an interview with the client. It is important to have those questions ready to go because you need to have as many details as possible before you begin creating the software. I think the more experienced I get, the better questions I will have to ask the clients. On top of that, it is important to double and triple check the user experience. Play the devil's advocate when working through your system by trying to create a problem and seeing if there is a solution in place.
